---
title: "002-20220525-Island"
type: sesion
world: "Sword Coast"
characters: Aeyr, Farquad, Fiona, Puss, Tia
date: 2022-05-25
tags: 
- sorin
- bloody_beach
---

## Session Summary

We have arrived in what at first appears to be an abandonded town on this small island. However, on closer inspection we find one building that is occupied by a dwarf [[DnD/World/People/Sorin]] . We hit it off quite well with him and he ended up providing us with some supplies and told us about potential work with his cousin [[DnD/World/People/Gundrin]]

## Recap of Last Session

[Intro](DnD/Sessions_Ep01/001-20220518-Intro.md)

I am traveling on a boat with 4 other passangers when the boat shipwrecks and the capitan leaves us. We band together and get a rough raft built and escape the sinking ship. We eventually make it to an island that appears almost completely deserted with the exception of one occupied building


## Log

### Meeting Sorin Winterhill
* Mostly abandonded buildings but one occupied and lit that we approach. two stories and massive. Stonework is impectible 
* A drawf opens the door and welcomes us in.
	* Introduces himself as Sorin Winterhill and welcomes us to "Bloody Beach"
	* Place is empty
	* We ask about the beach and the island
		* Sorin crossed from the mainland and said he NEVER had a desire to cross the water again
			* Cousin Gundrin Rockseaker

### Chatting with Sorin the next morning
* Chat with Sorin about brewing. He offers me his traveling brewing supplies
* Chats with us and mentions a town called Phandolin that we might be interested in. His cousin Gundrin has decided to go find the "forge of spells" and has work that he would potentialy hire us for.
	* He gives a stamped coin (with an anvil stamped on it) and says if we are interested to show the coin to Gundrin and mention that Sorin sent us.
	* He gives us some liquor
	* He also says the world is a dangerous place and that we should adventure out without some sort of gear, and takes us to an armoury

### Leaving Bloody Beach
* Sorin takes us to some boats
	* It turns out that the mainland is only about 50m from the island.
* When we get to the mainland I suggest we head to phandolin and look for work. It seems like we compatible as a group.
	* I notice Puss being a little shifty/hesitant
* We head north along the trail
* Terrain is like the pacific north west
* While we walking towards phandolin Fiona feels something weird with the coin. The energy he felt before disapears. We all feal a surge in us. (Fiona would know that it would be like "aid" being cast on us)

### Goblin Ambush
* The wind shifts and we smell something dead up the trail
	* we proceed towards the smell to investigate
	* we see a cart overturned with 3 huminoud bodies and 3 horses. The bodies and horses are pin cushioned with arrows
	* We investigate. It's an ambush site. We can tell goblins attacked the carts from the ridges
	* 4 goblins attack us. 1 runs off. we kill the other 3
	* End before we get a chance to investigate