---
title: 018-20230125-AtTheMines
type: sesion
world: "Sword Coast"
characters: Aeyr, Farquad, Fiona, Puss, Tia
date: 2023-01-25
tags: 
- lyzas_tears
---

## Session Summary

## Recap of Last Session

## Log

We had into the mine #lyzas_tears . We see some tracks, some abandoned equipment and some bodies
* the bodies are about 2 days old, which is about when the attack was supposed to have happened.
* We head into the mine. Sse a few more bodies
* We come to a larger open area
	* Looks like this was where the miners took a stand with stacked up carts, etc.
	* We see 6 dead goblins, 15 dead miners
	* All of the goblins have the same emblen we saw before of the black spyder
		* Ilk recognizes the emblem from before he was taken a slave 
	* There are 6 entrances into this cavern. 1 Large passage and the others are smaller passages
	* We head down the largest passageway
	* We come to the end of the main branch and find 3 smaller branch offs
		* The center ends quickly
		* left goes down
		* right goes up
	* We head down the left branch deaper. 
	* We come to a giant opening and find an underground lake
	* We had back then go down the right passage
		* We trip a tripwire. Hear some rumbling that sounds surprisingly lound. It lasts a while and sounds like the tripwire set off a cave in near the entrance
		* We hear some shuffling sounds, more like something is being dragged
		* Aeyr sneaks ahead to see what she can see. Looks like the ground is moving.
			* There are about 20 of them, grub looking creatures
			* They are moving and pulling a large group of miner bodies
		* The grubs hear fiona and Farquad coming up. We now see there are 30 of them
		* Fiona shoots 3 with magic missile 
		* The Grubs start running towards us
			* We start attacking
			* We hear something really loud coming, we can't tell from where it's coming
		* We killed 3
			* I damaged another for 8 damage
			* Puss damaged one for 8 damage
			* 2 are asleep
	* 